Performance Management with Meshery (#4219)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/guides/performance-management.md

---
layout: default
title: Performance Management with Meshery
description: This guide is to help users get a better overview of running and managing performance tests in Meshery
permalink: guides/performance-management
type: Guides
command: perf
---

> This guide is useful to learn how to manage performance tests with Meshery through the [UI](#performance-management-through-meshery-ui), [CLI](#performance-management-through-meshery-cli-(mesheryctl)) and a [GitHub Action](#performance-management-through-meshery-using-github-action). To learn more about Meshery and Service Mesh Performance Management commands, see [Service Mesh Performance Management]({{ site.baseurl }}/reference/mesheryctl/perf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is useful for learning manage your service mesh's performance with Meshery both through its web-based user interface, [Meshery UI](#performance-management-through-meshery-ui), or through its [CLI](#performance-management-through-meshery-cli-(mesheryctl)), or its [GitHub Action](#performance-management-through-meshery-using-github-action). To learn more about `mesheryctl` and Service Mesh Performance Management commands, see [Service Mesh Performance Management]({{ site.baseurl }}/reference/mesheryctl/perf)
```

## Setup Meshery and run a Performance Test on your Service Mesh

Install and login to Meshery to start running SMI conformance tests. See [Installation]({{ site.baseurl }}/installation) documentation for detailed steps on how to install Meshery.

_Meshery dashboard_

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/smi/dashboard.png"><img alt="Meshery Dashboard" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/smi/dashboard.png" /></a>

> Next, we navigate to the main Performance Testing dashboard. See [Performance Management]({{ site.baseurl }}/functionality/performance-management) to learn more about performance profiles, load generators, Kubernetes Cluster, and Service Mesh Metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we navigate to the main Performance Testing dashboard. See [Performance Management]({{ site.baseurl }}/functionality/performance-management) to learn more about performance profiles, load generators, Kubernetes cluster, and service mesh metrics.
```

_Performance dashboard_

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/performance-dashboard.PNG"><img alt="Performance Dashboard" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/performance-dashboard.PNG" /></a>

> The dashboard allows us to run our Performance Tests , it also shows the different tests run over the lifetime of the profile sorted by time and day. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard allows you to run your performance tests. The performance dashboard also shows the different tests run over the lifetime of your account, sorted by time and day. 
```

_SMI Conformance Test Results_

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/perf-test-compare-option.PNG"><img alt="Performance Test Options" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/perf-test-compare-option.PNG" /></a>

Once we run the tests and get the desired results, we can compare these test results against one another by selecting tests. For the best experience, you should compare between two or more tests of similar configuration. Tests that are configured with a high degree of variance (e.g., one test ran for a duration of 5 minutes, while another test ran for a duration of 1 hour) will produce comparisons that are more difficult to extrapolate insights from.

Clicking on the **Compare Selected** button takes us to the next step of visualizing the comparision of the results.

_Performance Test Results_

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/performance-test-comparison.PNG"><img alt="Performance Test Results" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/performance-test-comparison.PNG" /></a>

> The results are depicted in the form of Histograms showing the count and Line Graphs showing the cumulative percentage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results are depicted in the form of histograms showing the count and line graphs showing the cumulative percentage.
```

---
layout: default
title: Performance Management with Meshery
description: This guide is to help users get a better overview of running and managing performance tests in Meshery
permalink: guides/performance-management
type: Guides
command: perf
---

<<<<<<< HEAD
This guide is useful to learn how to manage performance tests with Meshery through the [UI](#performance-management-through-meshery-ui), [CLI](#performance-management-through-meshery-cli-(mesheryctl)) and a [GitHub Action](#performance-management-through-meshery-using-github-action). To learn more about Meshery and Service Mesh Performance Management commands, see [Service Mesh Performance Management]({{ site.baseurl }}/reference/mesheryctl/perf)

> =======

Reviewer 2: This can be removed now I guess.

> This guide is useful for learning manage your service mesh's performance with Meshery both through its web-based user interface, [Meshery UI](#performance-management-through-meshery-ui), or through its [CLI](#performance-management-through-meshery-cli-(mesheryctl)), or its [GitHub Action](#performance-management-through-meshery-using-github-action). To learn more about `mesheryctl` and Service Mesh Performance Management commands, see [Service Mesh Performance Management]({{ site.baseurl }}/reference/mesheryctl/perf)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide is useful for learning manage your service mesh's performance with Meshery through its web-based user interface, [Meshery UI](#performance-management-through-meshery-ui), or through its [CLI](#performance-management-through-meshery-cli-(mesheryctl)), or its [GitHub Action](#performance-management-through-meshery-using-github-action). To learn more about `mesheryctl` and Service Mesh Performance Management commands, see [Service Mesh Performance Management]({{ site.baseurl }}/reference/mesheryctl/perf)
```

I see there are three ways to do it so I guess we can remove the "both".

> >>>>>>> 240a29b6ac346d66628d79064491d590ceb81d37

Reviewer 2: Remove this too.

## Setup Meshery and run a Performance Test on your Service Mesh

Install and login to Meshery to start running SMI conformance tests. See [Installation]({{ site.baseurl }}/installation) documentation for detailed steps on how to install Meshery.

_Meshery dashboard_

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/smi/dashboard.png"><img alt="Meshery Dashboard" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/smi/dashboard.png" /></a>

<<<<<<< HEAD
Next, we navigate to the main Performance Testing dashboard. See [Performance Management]({{ site.baseurl }}/functionality/performance-management) to learn more about performance profiles, load generators, Kubernetes Cluster, and Service Mesh Metrics.

> =======

Reviewer 2: We can remove this too.

Next, we navigate to the main Performance Testing dashboard. See [Performance Management]({{ site.baseurl }}/functionality/performance-management) to learn more about performance profiles, load generators, Kubernetes cluster, and service mesh metrics.

> >>>>>>> 240a29b6ac346d66628d79064491d590ceb81d37

Reviewer 2: We can remove this too.

_Performance dashboard_

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/performance-dashboard.PNG"><img alt="Performance Dashboard" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/performance-dashboard.PNG" /></a>

<<<<<<< HEAD
The dashboard allows us to run our Performance Tests , it also shows the different tests run over the lifetime of the profile sorted by time and day. 

> =======

Reviewer 2: We can remove this.

The dashboard allows you to run your performance tests. The performance dashboard also shows the different tests run over the lifetime of your account, sorted by time and day. 

> >>>>>>> 240a29b6ac346d66628d79064491d590ceb81d37

Reviewer 2: We can remove this.

Upon personalization, select **Run Test** to execute the current test or **Save Profile** to save the properties of the test and execute it at a convenient time. 

_SMI Conformance Test Results_

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/perf-test-compare-option.PNG"><img alt="Performance Test Options" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/perf-test-compare-option.PNG" /></a>

Once we run the tests and get the desired results, we can compare these test results against one another by selecting tests. For the best experience, you should compare between two or more tests of similar configuration. Tests that are configured with a high degree of variance (e.g., one test ran for a duration of 5 minutes, while another test ran for a duration of 1 hour) will produce comparisons that are more difficult to extrapolate insights from.

> Clicking on the **Compare Selected** button takes us to the next step of visualizing the comparision of the results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Clicking on the **Compare Selected** button takes you to the next step of visualizing the comparisons of the results.
```

_Performance Test Results_

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/performance-test-comparison.PNG"><img alt="Performance Test Results" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/performance-test-comparison.PNG" /></a>

<<<<<<< HEAD
The results are depicted in the form of Histograms showing the count and Line Graphs showing the cumulative percentage.

> =======

Reviewer 2: We can remove this.

The results are depicted in the form of histograms showing the count and line graphs showing the cumulative percentage.

> >>>>>>> 240a29b6ac346d66628d79064491d590ceb81d37

Reviewer 2: This too!

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/chart.png"><img alt="Performance Test Results" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/performance-management/chart.png" /></a>

## Performance Management Through Meshery CLI (mesheryctl)

_Description_

<!-- Description of the command. Preferably a paragraph -->
{% assign name = site.data.mesheryctlcommands.cmds[page.command] %}
{{ name.description }}

<!-- Basic usage of the command -->
<pre class="codeblock-pre">
  <div class="codeblock">
  {{ name.usage }}
  </div>
</pre>

_Examples_

{% for flag_hash in name.flags %}{% assign flag = flag_hash[1] %}
{{ flag.description }}
<pre class="codeblock-pre">
  <div class="codeblock">
  {{ flag.usage }}
  </div>
</pre>
{% endfor %}
<br/>

_Options & Flags_

{% for flag_hash in name.flags %}{% assign flag = flag_hash[1] %}
{{ flag.description }}
<pre class="codeblock-pre">
  <div class="codeblock">
  {{ flag.name }}
  </div>
</pre>
{% endfor %}
<br/>

_Options inherited from parent commands_
<pre class="codeblock-pre">
  <div class="codeblock">
  --help, -h # Shows help for the command
  </div>
</pre>

## Performance Management Through Meshery using GitHub Action 

> You can use [Performance Management GitHub action](https://github.com/layer5io/meshery-smp-action) to run Performance Management tests in your CI/CD pipelines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use [Performance Management GitHub action](https://github.com/layer5io/meshery-smp-action) to run Performance Management tests in your CI/CD pipelines.
```

I guess it would be better to use "also" as we have already covered two ways above.
